<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="GNU make coupled with GNU awk to parse templates. Markdown to parse contents." />
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta name="author" content="Clément David" />
  <meta name="keywords" content="davidcl, clement, david, c.david86" />
  <meta name="description" content="Clément David's CV, articles and all official stuff." />
  <meta name="robots" content="all" />

  <title>Articles: index</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="CMS, GNU, binutils" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/light.css" media="all" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/print.css" media="print" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/default.css" media="screen" />
  
  
  <link rel="Shortcut Icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/davidcl/img/favicon.ico" />
</head>

<body>
  <div id="nonFooter">
    <div id="header"> <div id="banner"></div> <p><a href="/davidcl/index.xhtml">davidcl</a> > <a href="/davidcl/articles/index.xhtml">articles</a> > index</p> </div>
    <div id="toc"></div>
    <div id="contents"> <h1>Articles</h1>

<p>Article concept is very large. It can apply from text larger than SMS to study
report.</p>

<p>Sorry, but by know I havent taken time to port articles from my previous
website archive to the new architecture.</p>

<h2>How this website is created ?</h2>

<p>This website is created with Gnu Awk, Gnu Make and Markdown. Read how I generate
this website without strong dependencies such as PHP, Python or Perl and a database.</p>

<p><a href="GnuBasedWebGeneration/index.xhtml">View full article</a>.</p>

<h2>The Battle for Wesnoth saved game parser</h2>

<p>Some campaigns of The Battle for Wesnoth are very difficult, thus sometimes you
need some help. I wrote a little awk script to parse and remplace fields in a 
saved game.</p>

<p><a href="WesnothSaveParser/index.xhtml">View full article</a>.</p>

<h2>Tool to merge multiples gcov files </h2>

<p>As the GNU gcov tool extract profile information at runtime, it cannot extract 
coverage information for multiple objects generated by onu <em>unique</em> source file.
I wrote this little awk script to parse mutliple gcov file and merge them in one
unique result file.</p>

<p><a href="GcovMergingTool/index.xhtml">View full article</a>.</p>

<h2>My 6 month internship's report</h2>

<p>As my last 6 month internship, I worked at Geensys as a software developper. I
was working on AUTOSAR and TCP/IP (over Ethernet).</p>

<p><a href="FR-InternshipReport/index.xhtml">View full article</a>.</p>
 </div>
  </div>

  <div id="footer">
    <p>© 2009+ Clément David - All texts and images can be used
    with respect to the <a href=
    "http://www.opensource.org/licenses/artistic-license-2.0.php">Artistic
    license 2.0</a>.<br /> Generated on 2010-01-10T22:46:07+01:00. 
    <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer" title="Check the validity of this site&#8217;s XHTML">xhtml</a>
    <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer" title="Check the validity of this site&#8217;s CSS">css</a>
    <a href="/davidcl/sitemap.xhtml" title="Sitemap of this site">sitemap</a> &nbsp;</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>

