<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="GNU make coupled with GNU awk to parse templates. Markdown to parse contents." />
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta name="author" content="Clément David" />
  <meta name="keywords" content="davidcl, clement, david, c.david86" />
  <meta name="description" content="Clément David's CV, articles and all official stuff." />
  <meta name="robots" content="all" />

  <title>Merging tool for gcvo files</title>
  <meta name="keywords" content="GNU, awk, gcov, source, coverage" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/light.css" media="all" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/print.css" media="print" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/davidcl/styles/default.css" media="screen" />
  
  
  <link rel="Shortcut Icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/davidcl/img/favicon.ico" />
</head>

<body>
  <div id="nonFooter">
    <div id="header"> <div id="banner"></div> <p><a href="/davidcl/index.xhtml">davidcl</a> > <a href="/davidcl/articles/index.xhtml">articles</a> > <a href="/davidcl/articles/GcovMergingTool/index.xhtml">GcovMergingTool</a> > index</p> </div>
    <div id="toc"></div>
    <div id="contents"> <h1>Merging tool for gcov files</h1>

<p>Many times a unique source file generate different object files when compiled.
Especially when configuring it with pre-compile flags. I wrote this script when
working at Geensys to validate the test coverage metrics.</p>

<h2>What's the need ? </h2>

<p>Imagine that you have a module called <code>Module1</code>. It is decomposed in 
three files :</p>

<ul>
<li>Module1.c : the implementation code</li>
<li>Module1.h : the external interface declaration</li>
<li>Module1_Cfg.h : the configuration file for the module</li>
</ul>

<h3>Sample code</h3>

<ul>
<li><p>Module1.c</p>

<pre><code>#include "Module1.h"


int a;
#if (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
int b;
#else (0 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
int c;
#endif /* (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API) */


void Mod1_MainFunction (void)
{
    a = 1;
#if (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
    b = 1;
#else (0 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
    c = 1;
#endif /* (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API) */
}
</code></pre></li>
<li><p>Module1.h</p>

<pre><code>#include "Module1_Cfg.h"


extern int a;
#if (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
extern int b;
#else (0 == MOD1_USE_STD_API)
extern int c;
#endif /* (1 == MOD1_USE_STD_API) */


void Mod1_MainFunction (void);
</code></pre></li>
<li><p>Module1_Cfg.h</p>

<pre><code>#define MOD1_USE_STD_API    1
</code></pre></li>
</ul>

<h3>But what's the need ???</h3>

<p>When testing, you have to generate 2 object files from the same source. Each of
this object have to be tested with different input files and code coverage may
differ.</p>

<p>I need this tool to merge the two Module1.gcov files created during testing.</p>

<h2>merge-gcov.awk </h2>

<pre><code>#!/usr/bin/gawk -f
#
# Parse *.gcov files passed as arguments and print result file on stdout and 
# summary on stderr.
#
# View summary on windows:
#   ./merge-gcov.awk Module1.c.gcov &gt;NUL
# Concatenate files:
#   ./merge-gcov.awk my-dir1/Module1.c.gcov my-dir2/Module1.gcov \
#       &gt;Module1.gcov
#

BEGIN {
    FS=":"
}

#
# Non passed line
#
$1 ~ /#####\'/ {
    sum_call[$2] += 0;

    if (ARGIND == ARGC-1)
    {
        if (sum_call[$2] != 0)
            printf "    %5d:%5d:%s\n", sum_call[$2], $2, $3;
        else
            print;
    }
}

#
# Comment line
#
$1 ~ /-\'/ {
    if (ARGIND == ARGC-1)
        print;
}

#
# Summary line
#
$1 ~ /function (\w)+ called [0-9]+ returned [0-9]+% blocks executed [0-9]+%\'/ {

}

#
# Passed line
#
$1 ~ /[0-9]+\'/ {
   sum_call[$2] += $1;

   if (ARGIND == ARGC-1)
   {
        if (sum_call[$2] != 0)
            printf "    %5d:%5d:%s\n", sum_call[$2], $2, $3;
   }
}

END {
    all_lines = length(sum_call);
    for (i in sum_call)
    {
        if (sum_call[i] &gt; 0)
            passed_lines++;
        else
            non_passed_lines++;
    }

    print "Line executed: " ((passed_lines*100)/all_lines) "% of " all_lines &gt;"/dev/stderr";
}
</code></pre>
 </div>
  </div>

  <div id="footer">
    <p>© 2009+ Clément David - All texts and images can be used
    with respect to the <a href=
    "http://www.opensource.org/licenses/artistic-license-2.0.php">Artistic
    license 2.0</a>.<br /> Generated on 2010-01-10T22:46:07+01:00. 
    <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer" title="Check the validity of this site&#8217;s XHTML">xhtml</a>
    <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer" title="Check the validity of this site&#8217;s CSS">css</a>
    <a href="/davidcl/sitemap.xhtml" title="Sitemap of this site">sitemap</a> &nbsp;</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>

